docs/README.md, before:

<br>
<a href="https://www.ultralytics.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ultralytics/assets/main/logo/Ultralytics_Logotype_Original.svg" width="320" alt="Ultralytics logo"></a>

# Documentation Directory (`docs/`)

This directory contains the documentation for our project, managed with MkDocs.

## Overview

- **MkDocs Configuration:** The configuration file for MkDocs is `mkdocs.yml`. It defines the structure and settings of our project documentation.
- **Documentation Files:** Written in Markdown, these files reside in this directory and are structured according to the MkDocs configuration.

## Getting Started

To work with the documentation:

1. **Install MkDocs:** Ensure MkDocs is installed in your environment.
2. **Preview Documentation:** Run `mkdocs serve` to start a local server and preview the documentation in your browser.
3. **Build Documentation:** Use `mkdocs build` to generate the static site.

The documentation should be kept up-to-date with the project's development, ensuring clarity and usefulness for both internal developers and external users.

Commit message:

Ultralytics Refactor https://ultralytics.com/actions (#15)
Automated merge of Ultralytics Code Refactor

docs/README.md, after:

<a href="https://www.ultralytics.com/"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ultralytics/assets/main/logo/Ultralytics_Logotype_Original.svg" width="320" alt="Ultralytics logo"></a>

# Documentation Directory (`docs/`)

Welcome to the `docs/` directory! This folder houses all the documentation for the project, meticulously organized and managed using [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/), a fast and simple static site generator. Our goal is to provide clear, accurate, and helpful documentation for everyone.

## 📂 Overview

- **MkDocs Configuration:** The core configuration file for our documentation site is **`mkdocs.yml`**. This file dictates the site's structure, navigation, theme, and various build settings. You can learn more about configuring MkDocs [here](https://www.mkdocs.org/user-guide/configuration/).
- **Documentation Files:** All documentation content is written in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/), a lightweight markup language with plain text formatting syntax. These files reside within this `docs/` directory and its subdirectories.
- **Structure:** The arrangement of Markdown files and the navigation menu displayed on the documentation site are defined in the `mkdocs.yml` file, ensuring a logical and user-friendly layout, similar to the main [Ultralytics Docs](https://docs.ultralytics.com/).

## 🚀 Getting Started

To view, edit, or build the documentation locally:

1.  **Install MkDocs:** Make sure you have MkDocs and any required themes or extensions installed in your Python environment. Follow the official [MkDocs installation guide](https://www.mkdocs.org/user-guide/installation/) if needed. Common packages might include `mkdocs` and `mkdocs-material`.
2.  **Preview Documentation:** Navigate to the project's root directory (which contains the `mkdocs.yml` file) in your terminal and run the command **`mkdocs serve`**. This starts a local development server, allowing you to preview the documentation site in your web browser, usually at `http://127.0.0.1:8000`. The site will automatically reload when you save changes to the documentation files or the configuration file. See the [`mkdocs serve` documentation](https://www.mkdocs.org/user-guide/cli/#mkdocs-serve) for more details.
3.  **Build Documentation:** To generate the static HTML site (e.g., for deployment), run the command **`mkdocs build`**. This process compiles the Markdown files into HTML and places them in the `site/` directory by default. More information is available in the [`mkdocs build` documentation](https://www.mkdocs.org/user-guide/cli/#mkdocs-build).

## ✨ Contributing

Maintaining high-quality documentation is crucial for the project's success. We encourage contributions to keep the documentation accurate, comprehensive, and up-to-date with the latest developments.

- Please follow the guidelines outlined in the main [Ultralytics Contribution Guide](https://docs.ultralytics.com/help/contributing/).
- If you find errors, areas for improvement, or missing information, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request. Check out our blog post for [tips on contributing to Ultralytics open-source projects](https://www.ultralytics.com/blog/tips-to-start-contributing-to-ultralytics-open-source-projects).

Your contributions help make our documentation better for everyone!
